Rif-relay automated update of documentation update-from-rif-relay-20241218-223126 (#229)
rsksmart/devportal: rif/rns/libs/javascript/Errors.md

**Message**: The given address checksum is invalid

**Description**: The given address checksum is invalid for the current networkId. Check out [EIP-1191](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1191) for information about how checksum validation is performed.

## `KB020`

**Message**: The given TLD does not exists

> **Description**: The domain provided is under a top level domain that not exists in RNS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Message**: The given TLD does not exist

**Description**: The domain provided is under a top level domain that does not exist in RNS.
```

## `KB021`

**Message**: The owner of the TLD does not implement the available method

> **Description**: The top level domain owner should be a contract that implements [available](/rif/rns/architecture/rsk-registrar/rskowner#available) method.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description**: The top level domain owner should be a contract that implements the [available](/rif/rns/architecture/rsk-registrar/rskowner#available) method.
```
